Hash value of namespace into label of AuthorizationPolicy. (#2167)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/3.2.1.md

## Fixed Bugs

> - Fixed a bug where AuthorizationPolicy creation failed for APIRules in namespaces longer than 36 characters. Now, namespaces up to 63 characters are supported. [#2143](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/2143) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We've fixed a bug that caused AuthorizationPolicy creation to fail for APIRules in namespaces with names longer than 36 characters. Now, namespace names up to 63 characters are supported. [#2143](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/2143) 
```
